README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/behzad888/awesome" target="_blank">
    <img src="/media/aurelia-awesome.png" alt="Awesome Aurelia" />
  </a>
</p>


# Aurelia Awesome [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

A curated list of amazingly awesome Aurelia libraries, resources and shiny things.

## Current Aurelia version

[![npm Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/aurelia-framework.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/aurelia-framework)


## Table of Contents
* [Aurelia](#aurelia)
 *  [Official Resources](#official-resources)
 *  [Community](#community)
 *  [Experts on personal blogs](#experts-on-personal-blogs)
 *  [Aurelia Tools](#aurelia-tools)
 *  [Seed Project](#seed-project) 
 *  [Aurelia Cheatsheet](#aurelia-cheatsheet)
 *  [Aurelia Tutorials](#aurelia-tutorials)
    * [Aurelia Podcasts](#aurelia-podcasts)
    * [Aurelia Videos](#aurelia-videos)
 *  [Material Design](#material-design)
 *  [Aurelia Plugins](#aurelia-plugins)
 *  [Aurelia Custom Element](#aurelia-custom-element)
 *  [Aurelia Auth](#aurelia-auth)
 *  [Aurelia Libraries](#aurelia-libraries)
* [TypeScript](#typescript)
 * [TypeScript General Resources](#typeScript-general-resources)
 * [Seed Projects](#typescript-seed-projects)
* [Aurelia in ES5](#es5)
 * [Seed Projects](#es5-seed-projects) 
* [Contributing](#contributing-guideline)
  

### Aurelia

> Aurelia is a next gen JavaScript client framework for mobile, desktop and web that leverages simple conventions to empower your creativity.

#### Official Resources
- [Official Site](http://aurelia.io)
- [Official Blog](http://blog.durandal.io)
- [Official Documentation](http://aurelia.io/docs.html)
- [API Documentation](http://aurelia.io/docs.html#/api/home)
- [Official Getting Started Guide](http://aurelia.io/docs.html#/aurelia/framework/latest/doc/article/getting-started)
- [Official GitHub Repo](https://github.com/aurelia/framework)
- [Rob Eisenberg on Twitter](https://twitter.com/eisenbergeffect)

#### Community
 - [`#aureliajs`](https://twitter.com/hashtag/aureliajs) hashtag on Twitter
 - [Gitter Channel](https://gitter.im/Aurelia/Discuss)
 - [Gitter Channel](https://gitter.im/cmichaelgraham/aurelia-typescript) for Aurelia TypeScript
 - [Aurelia StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/aurelia)
 - [Aurelia AMA (Ask Me Anything)](https://hashnode.com/ama/with-aurelia-team-cijv67apt000o535313ewe3qo)
 - [/r/Aureliajs Subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/aureliajs/)

#### Experts on personal blogs
-  [Personal blog of Aurelia developer Matthew James Davis](http://davismj.me/)
- [Personal blog on Aurelia dev / Developer Jeremy Danyow](http://www.danyow.net/)
- [Personal blog on Aurelia dev / Developer Patrick Walters aka 'PWKAD'](http://patrickwalters.net/)
- [Personal blog on Aurelia dev / Developer Ashley Grant](http://blog.ashleygrant.com/)
- [Personal blog of Australian Front End / Aurelia Javascript Developer Dwayne Charrington](http://ilikekillnerds.com/category/javascript/aurelia/)
- [Personal blog on Aurelia dev / Developer Don Wilcox aka 'drdwilcox'](http://drdwilcox.blogspot.com/)
- [Personal blog on Aurelia dev / Developer Michael Lambert](http://hobbit-on-aurelia.net/)
- [Personal blog on Aurelia dev / Developer Sean Hunter](http://sean-hunter.io/)
- [Personal blog on Aurelia dev / Developer 'Adriatic'](http://blog.aurelia-guides.com/)
- [Personal blog on Aurelia dev / Developer Paul van Bladel](http://blog.opinionatedapps.com/)

#### Aurelia Tools
 - [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/aurelia-context/cghchmoikhedpkkkdnljcfhikedoemma) - This tool is called "Aurelia Context"
 - [vscode-aurelia-snippets](https://github.com/behzad888/vscode-aurelia-snippets) - HTML, JavaScript and TypeScript snippets for VSCode 
 - [aurelia-update](https://github.com/SpoonX/aurelia-update) - Update all aurelia dependencies easily. 

#### Seed Project
 - [Beginner kits](https://github.com/aurelia/beginner-kits) - Houses the beginner getting started started kits for ES 2016 and TypeScript.
 - [**{{** add_your_repo **}}**](https://github.com/behzad888/awesome/edit/master/README.md)

#### Aurelia Cheatsheet
- [Aurelia Getting Started Cheat Sheet by ErikCH](http://www.cheatography.com/erikch/cheat-sheets/aurelia-getting-started/)

#### Aurelia Tutorials
- [Aurelia Value Converters](https://jdanyow.github.io/aurelia-converters-sample/)
- [Aurelia-styleguide](https://github.com/behzad888/Aurelia-styleguide) - A starting point for Aurelia development teams to provide consistency through best practices. 

##### Aurelia Podcasts
- 02.11.2016 [Adventures in Angular Podcast: Aurelia with Rob Eisenberg](https://devchat.tv/adventures-in-angular/080-aia-aurelia-with-rob-eisenberg)
- 08.04.2015 [Herding Code 203: Rob Eisenberg on Aurelia](http://herdingcode.com/herding-code-203-rob-eisenberg-on-aurelia/)
- 06.02.2015 [The Changelog #140: Aurelia, Durandal, and leaving AngularJS with Rob Eisenberg](http://5by5.tv/changelog/140)
- 02.02.2015 [The Web Platform Podcast : 38: Aurelia.io](http://thewebplatform.libsyn.com/38-aureliaio)

##### Aurelia Videos
- 05/04/2016 [Brian Noyes | Aurelia Fundamentals on Pluralsight.com](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/aurelia-fundamentals)
- 11/01/2016 [Rob Eisenberg | Aurelia: Next Generation Web Apps | NDC {London}](https://vimeo.com/153090562)
- 12/16/2015 [Ashley Grant on Custom Components in Aurelia | Dev Chat](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KOCiYJAWXeQ)
- 12/10/2015 [Jeremy Danyow on Binding | Readthesource 12](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NyxGZYgOCuo)
- 12/09/2015 [Jakub Jedryszek | Aurelia - The next generation JavaScript framework you will love | SeattleCodeCamp](https://vimeo.com/152733803)
- 11/12/2015 [Rob Eisenberg on Aurelia | DEVIntersection 2015 | Channel 9](https://channel9.msdn.com/Events/Seth-on-the-Road/DevIntersection-2015/Rob-Eisenberg-on-Aurelia)

#### Material Design
 - [Official Aurelia Material Design (Github)](https://github.com/joelcoxokc/aurelia-interface) 
 - [aurelia-mdl](https://github.com/genadis/aurelia-mdl)
 - [aurelia-material](https://github.com/redpelicans/aurelia-material)
 - [**{{** add_your_repo **}}**](https://github.com/behzad888/awesome/edit/master/README.md)

#### Aurelia Plugins
 - [aurelia-auth](https://github.com/paulvanbladel/aurelia-auth) - Token-based authentication plugin for aurelia
 - [aurelia-computed](https://github.com/jdanyow/aurelia-computed) - A plugin for Aurelia to observe computed properties without dirty-checking
 - [aurelia-i18n](https://github.com/aurelia/i18n) {official} - A plugin that provides i18n support
 - [aurelia-ui-virtualization](https://github.com/aurelia/ui-virtualization) {official} - A plugin that provides a virtualized repeater and other virtualization services
 - [aurelia-bs-grid](https://github.com/charlespockert/aurelia-bs-grid) - Aurelia and Bootstrap powered datagrid control
 - [aurelia-polymer](https://github.com/roguePanda/aurelia-polymer) - Aurelia plugin to support Polymer
 - [aurelia-google-maps](https://github.com/Vheissu/aurelia-google-maps) - A highly configurable custom element for use in your Aurelia applications for inserting Google Maps into your application
 - [webpack-plugin](https://github.com/aurelia/webpack-plugin) {official} - A plugin for webpack that enables bundling Aurelia applications
 - [aurelia-cycle](https://github.com/niieani/aurelia-cycle) - An Aurelia plugin that enables the use of Cycle.js inside of Aurelia
 - [aurelia-kendoui-bridge](https://github.com/aurelia-ui-toolkits/aurelia-kendoui-bridge) - Aurelia - KendoUI integration
 - [aurelia-react-loader](https://github.com/bryanrsmith/aurelia-react-loader) - Load React components directly from Aurelia views
 - [aurelia-validatejs](https://github.com/aurelia/validatejs) {official} - Enables expressive validation using decorators and/or a fluent API.
 - [aurelia-view-pipeline](https://github.com/behzad888/aurelia-view-pipeline) - A plugin for loading any Markdown into custom element 
 - [aurelia-routed-footer](https://github.com/drivesoftware/aurelia-routed-footer) - An Aurelia plugin which adds the ability to control footer content via the router
 - [aurelia-api](https://github.com/SpoonX/aurelia-api) {ES6/TS/Webpack} - A wrapper around aurelia-fetch-client for multiple endpoints
 - [aurelia-authentication](https://github.com/SpoonX/aurelia-authentication) {ES6/TS/Webpack} - Authentication plugin for aurelia with aurelia-api support.
 - [aurelia-orm](https://github.com/SpoonX/aurelia-orm) {ES6/TS/Webpack} - Makes working with entities and calling your Rest API simple.
 - [aurelia-notification](https://github.com/SpoonX/aurelia-notification) {ES6/TS/Webpack} - Automatically translated notifications utilizing humane.js and i18n
 - [aurelia-binding-loader](https://github.com/bryanrsmith/aurelia-binding-loader) - An Aurelia loader for using any module directly from a view template
 - [**{{** add_your_repo **}}**](https://github.com/behzad888/awesome/edit/master/README.md)

#### Aurelia Custom Element
 - [vGrid](https://github.com/vegarringdal/vGrid) - Grid custom element for Aurelia

#### Aurelia Auth Samples
 - [sentry](https://github.com/Foursails/sentry) - An Aurelia template with a built in authentication shell
 - [aurelia-authentication-loopback-sample](https://github.com/doktordirk/aurelia-authentication-loopback-sample) - Aurelia client sample with aurelia-authentication and loopback server (ES6/TS+jspm, ES6+webpack)

#### Aurelia Libraries
 - [pollyfils](https://github.com/aurelia/polyfills) - The minimal set of polyfills needed to run Aurelia
 - [aurelia-sails-socket-client](https://github.com/Mordred/aurelia-sails-socket-client) - A simple, restful, message-based wrapper around sails.io client
 - [aurelia-bundler](https://github.com/aurelia/bundler) - A library for bundling JavaScript, HTML and CSS for use with SystemJS
 - [**{{** add_your_repo **}}**](https://github.com/behzad888/awesome/edit/master/README.md)

### TypeScript

> TypeScript lets you write JavaScript the way you really want to. TypeScript is a typed superset of JavaScript that compiles to plain JavaScript.

#### TypeScript General Resources
 - [TypeScript](http://www.typescriptlang.org/) Official Website for TypeScript
 - [REPL](http://www.typescriptlang.org/Playground) Official TypeScript REPL that runs entirely in your browser
 - [TypeScript Repository (GitHub)](https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript) Official GitHub Repo for TypeScript
 - [DefinitelyTyped Repository (GitHub)](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped) The repository for high quality TypeScript type definitions.

#### Typescript Seed Projects
 - [Aurelia Typescript](https://github.com/cmichaelgraham/aurelia-typescript) - A starter kit for working with the Aurelia TypeScript type definitions by @cmichaelgraham
 - [aurelia-axel](https://github.com/cmichaelgraham/aurelia-axel) - As a Visual Studio TypeScript and C# developer building web-based, spatial information systems targeting a variety of platforms that leverage ESRI and SQL Server, I want a starter kit so that I can rapidly build implementations
 - [aurelia-axel-northwind](https://github.com/cmichaelgraham/aurelia-axel-northwind) - As a user, I want a walk through of creating a web app from the `aurelia-axel` starter kit, based of a familiar database (Northwind)
 - [**{{** add_your_repo **}}**](https://github.com/behzad888/awesome/edit/master/README.md)

### ES5

> An ECMAScript language that includes structured, dynamic, functional, and prototype-based features.

##### ES5 General Resources
- [**{{** help_add_resources **}}**](https://github.com/behzad888/awesome/edit/master/README.md)

#### ES5 Seed Projects
- [ahmedshuhel/nav-app-es5](https://github.com/ahmedshuhel/nav-app-es5) Skeleton that sets up a standard aurelia navigation-style app just using ES5, Bower and RequireJS by @ahmedshuhel.

# Contributing Guideline
Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md). By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

-

Ensure your pull request adheres to the following guidelines:

- Search previous suggestions before making a new one, as yours may be a duplicate.
- If you just created something, wait at least a couple of weeks before submitting.
- You should of course have read or used the thing you're submitting.
- Make an individual pull request for each suggestion.
- Use the following format: `[name](link) - Description.`
- Keep descriptions short and simple, but descriptive.
- Start the description with a capital and end with a full stop/period.
- Check your spelling and grammar.
- Make sure your text editor is set to remove trailing whitespace.
- Link additions should be added to the bottom of the relevant section.
- New categories or improvements to the existing categorization are welcome.
- Pull requests should have a useful title and include a link to the package and why it should be included.

Thank you for your suggestions!

### Updating your PR

A lot of times, making a PR adhere to the standards above can be difficult. If the maintainers notice anything that we'd like changed, we'll ask you to edit your PR before we merge it. There's no need to open a new PR, just edit the existing one. If you're not sure how to do that, [here is a guide](https://github.com/RichardLitt/docs/blob/master/amending-a-commit-guide.md) on the different ways you can update your PR so that we can merge it.

Commit message:

add many items to plugin list

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/behzad888/awesome" target="_blank">
    <img src="/media/aurelia-awesome.png" alt="Awesome Aurelia" />
  </a>
</p>


# Aurelia Awesome [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

A curated list of amazingly awesome Aurelia libraries, resources and shiny things.

## Current Aurelia version

[![npm Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/aurelia-framework.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/aurelia-framework)


## Table of Contents
* [Aurelia](#aurelia)
 *  [Official Resources](#official-resources)
 *  [Community](#community)
 *  [Experts on personal blogs](#experts-on-personal-blogs)
 *  [Aurelia Tools](#aurelia-tools)
 *  [Seed Project](#seed-project) 
 *  [Aurelia Cheatsheet](#aurelia-cheatsheet)
 *  [Aurelia Tutorials](#aurelia-tutorials)
    * [Aurelia Podcasts](#aurelia-podcasts)
    * [Aurelia Videos](#aurelia-videos)
 *  [Material Design](#material-design)
 *  [Aurelia Plugins](#aurelia-plugins)
 *  [Aurelia Custom Element](#aurelia-custom-element)
 *  [Aurelia Auth](#aurelia-auth)
 *  [Aurelia Libraries](#aurelia-libraries)
* [TypeScript](#typescript)
 * [TypeScript General Resources](#typeScript-general-resources)
 * [Seed Projects](#typescript-seed-projects)
* [Aurelia in ES5](#es5)
 * [Seed Projects](#es5-seed-projects) 
* [Contributing](#contributing-guideline)
  

### Aurelia

> Aurelia is a next gen JavaScript client framework for mobile, desktop and web that leverages simple conventions to empower your creativity.

#### Official Resources
- [Official Site](http://aurelia.io)
- [Official Blog](http://blog.durandal.io)
- [Official Documentation](http://aurelia.io/docs.html)
- [API Documentation](http://aurelia.io/docs.html#/api/home)
- [Official Getting Started Guide](http://aurelia.io/docs.html#/aurelia/framework/latest/doc/article/getting-started)
- [Official GitHub Repo](https://github.com/aurelia/framework)
- [Rob Eisenberg on Twitter](https://twitter.com/eisenbergeffect)

#### Community
 - [`#aureliajs`](https://twitter.com/hashtag/aureliajs) hashtag on Twitter
 - [Gitter Channel](https://gitter.im/Aurelia/Discuss)
 - [Gitter Channel](https://gitter.im/cmichaelgraham/aurelia-typescript) for Aurelia TypeScript
 - [Aurelia StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/aurelia)
 - [Aurelia AMA (Ask Me Anything)](https://hashnode.com/ama/with-aurelia-team-cijv67apt000o535313ewe3qo)
 - [/r/Aureliajs Subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/aureliajs/)

#### Experts on personal blogs
-  [Personal blog of Aurelia developer Matthew James Davis](http://davismj.me/)
- [Personal blog on Aurelia dev / Developer Jeremy Danyow](http://www.danyow.net/)
- [Personal blog on Aurelia dev / Developer Patrick Walters aka 'PWKAD'](http://patrickwalters.net/)
- [Personal blog on Aurelia dev / Developer Ashley Grant](http://blog.ashleygrant.com/)
- [Personal blog of Australian Front End / Aurelia Javascript Developer Dwayne Charrington](http://ilikekillnerds.com/category/javascript/aurelia/)
- [Personal blog on Aurelia dev / Developer Don Wilcox aka 'drdwilcox'](http://drdwilcox.blogspot.com/)
- [Personal blog on Aurelia dev / Developer Michael Lambert](http://hobbit-on-aurelia.net/)
- [Personal blog on Aurelia dev / Developer Sean Hunter](http://sean-hunter.io/)
- [Personal blog on Aurelia dev / Developer 'Adriatic'](http://blog.aurelia-guides.com/)
- [Personal blog on Aurelia dev / Developer Paul van Bladel](http://blog.opinionatedapps.com/)

#### Aurelia Tools
 - [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/aurelia-context/cghchmoikhedpkkkdnljcfhikedoemma) - This tool is called "Aurelia Context"
 - [vscode-aurelia-snippets](https://github.com/behzad888/vscode-aurelia-snippets) - HTML, JavaScript and TypeScript snippets for VSCode 
 - [aurelia-update](https://github.com/SpoonX/aurelia-update) - Update all aurelia dependencies easily. 

#### Seed Project
 - [Beginner kits](https://github.com/aurelia/beginner-kits) - Houses the beginner getting started started kits for ES 2016 and TypeScript.
 - [**{{** add_your_repo **}}**](https://github.com/behzad888/awesome/edit/master/README.md)

#### Aurelia Cheatsheet
- [Aurelia Getting Started Cheat Sheet by ErikCH](http://www.cheatography.com/erikch/cheat-sheets/aurelia-getting-started/)

#### Aurelia Tutorials
- [Aurelia Value Converters](https://jdanyow.github.io/aurelia-converters-sample/)
- [Aurelia-styleguide](https://github.com/behzad888/Aurelia-styleguide) - A starting point for Aurelia development teams to provide consistency through best practices. 

##### Aurelia Podcasts
- 02.11.2016 [Adventures in Angular Podcast: Aurelia with Rob Eisenberg](https://devchat.tv/adventures-in-angular/080-aia-aurelia-with-rob-eisenberg)
- 08.04.2015 [Herding Code 203: Rob Eisenberg on Aurelia](http://herdingcode.com/herding-code-203-rob-eisenberg-on-aurelia/)
- 06.02.2015 [The Changelog #140: Aurelia, Durandal, and leaving AngularJS with Rob Eisenberg](http://5by5.tv/changelog/140)
- 02.02.2015 [The Web Platform Podcast : 38: Aurelia.io](http://thewebplatform.libsyn.com/38-aureliaio)

##### Aurelia Videos
- 05/04/2016 [Brian Noyes | Aurelia Fundamentals on Pluralsight.com](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/aurelia-fundamentals)
- 11/01/2016 [Rob Eisenberg | Aurelia: Next Generation Web Apps | NDC {London}](https://vimeo.com/153090562)
- 12/16/2015 [Ashley Grant on Custom Components in Aurelia | Dev Chat](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KOCiYJAWXeQ)
- 12/10/2015 [Jeremy Danyow on Binding | Readthesource 12](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NyxGZYgOCuo)
- 12/09/2015 [Jakub Jedryszek | Aurelia - The next generation JavaScript framework you will love | SeattleCodeCamp](https://vimeo.com/152733803)
- 11/12/2015 [Rob Eisenberg on Aurelia | DEVIntersection 2015 | Channel 9](https://channel9.msdn.com/Events/Seth-on-the-Road/DevIntersection-2015/Rob-Eisenberg-on-Aurelia)

#### Material Design
 - [Official Aurelia Material Design (Github)](https://github.com/joelcoxokc/aurelia-interface) 
 - [aurelia-mdl](https://github.com/genadis/aurelia-mdl)
 - [aurelia-material](https://github.com/redpelicans/aurelia-material)
 - [**{{** add_your_repo **}}**](https://github.com/behzad888/awesome/edit/master/README.md)

#### Aurelia Plugins
 - [aurelia-auth](https://github.com/paulvanbladel/aurelia-auth) - Token-based authentication plugin for aurelia
 - [aurelia-computed](https://github.com/jdanyow/aurelia-computed) - A plugin for Aurelia to observe computed properties without dirty-checking
 - [aurelia-i18n](https://github.com/aurelia/i18n) {official} - A plugin that provides i18n support
 - [aurelia-ui-virtualization](https://github.com/aurelia/ui-virtualization) {official} - A plugin that provides a virtualized repeater and other virtualization services
 - [aurelia-bs-grid](https://github.com/charlespockert/aurelia-bs-grid) - Aurelia and Bootstrap powered datagrid control
 - [aurelia-polymer](https://github.com/roguePanda/aurelia-polymer) - Aurelia plugin to support Polymer
 - [aurelia-google-maps](https://github.com/Vheissu/aurelia-google-maps) - A highly configurable custom element for use in your Aurelia applications for inserting Google Maps into your application
 - [webpack-plugin](https://github.com/aurelia/webpack-plugin) {official} - A plugin for webpack that enables bundling Aurelia applications
 - [aurelia-cycle](https://github.com/niieani/aurelia-cycle) - An Aurelia plugin that enables the use of Cycle.js inside of Aurelia
 - [aurelia-kendoui-bridge](https://github.com/aurelia-ui-toolkits/aurelia-kendoui-bridge) - Aurelia - KendoUI integration
 - [aurelia-react-loader](https://github.com/bryanrsmith/aurelia-react-loader) - Load React components directly from Aurelia views
 - [aurelia-validatejs](https://github.com/aurelia/validatejs) {official} - Enables expressive validation using decorators and/or a fluent API.
 - [aurelia-view-pipeline](https://github.com/behzad888/aurelia-view-pipeline) - A plugin for loading any Markdown into custom element 
 - [aurelia-routed-footer](https://github.com/drivesoftware/aurelia-routed-footer) - An Aurelia plugin which adds the ability to control footer content via the router
 - [aurelia-api](https://github.com/SpoonX/aurelia-api) {ES6/TS/Webpack} - A wrapper around aurelia-fetch-client for multiple endpoints
 - [aurelia-authentication](https://github.com/SpoonX/aurelia-authentication) {ES6/TS/Webpack} - Authentication plugin for aurelia with aurelia-api support.
 - [aurelia-orm](https://github.com/SpoonX/aurelia-orm) {ES6/TS/Webpack} - Makes working with entities and calling your Rest API simple.
 - [aurelia-notification](https://github.com/SpoonX/aurelia-notification) {ES6/TS/Webpack} - Automatically translated notifications utilizing humane.js and i18n
 - [aurelia-binding-loader](https://github.com/bryanrsmith/aurelia-binding-loader) - An Aurelia loader for using any module directly from a view template
 - [aurelia-dragula](https://github.com/michaelmalonenz/aurelia-dragula) - An ES2015 port of the Dragula library, targeted at the Aurelia Framework
 - [aurelia-breeze](https://github.com/jdanyow/aurelia-breeze) - Everything you need to use Breeze with Aurelia
 - [aurelia-bootstrap-datepicker](https://github.com/Itprosolutions/aurelia-bootstrap-datepicker) - An aurelia port for bootstrap-datepicker
 - [Aurelia-Configuration](https://github.com/vheissu/aurelia-configuration) - Smart configuration for your Aurelia applications.
 - [aurelia-environment](https://github.com/MarcScheib/aurelia-environment) - aurelia-environment provides simple .env parsing and loading
 - [aurelia-firebase](https://github.com/pulsarblow/aurelia-firebase) - A Firebase plugin for Aurelia https://aureliaonfire.azurewebsites.net
 - [aurelia-flux](https://github.com/tfrydrychewicz/aurelia-flux) - Flux dispatcher plugin for Aurelia
 - [aurelia-grid](https://github.com/corneliutusnea/aurelia-grid) - A fresh Aurelia Grid written in TypeScript based charlespockert's Aurelia BS Grid
 - [aurelia-google-analytics](https://github.com/miguelzakharia/aurelia-google-analytics) - An Aurelia.io plugin that adds Google Analytics page tracking to your project.
 - [aurelia-knockout](https://github.com/code-chris/aurelia-knockout) - A Knockout plugin for Aurelia
 - [aurelia-leaflet](https://github.com/ceoaliongroo/aurelia-leaflet) - Leaflet Plugin for Aurelia
 - [aurelia-notify](https://github.com/MarcScheib/aurelia-notify) - A notification plugin for Aurelia
 - [aurelia-rethink-bindtable](https://github.com/kristianmandrup/aurelia-rethink-bindtable) - Aurelia bind table integration for RethinkDB via Socket.io
 - [aurelia-sails-socket-client](https://github.com/Mordred/aurelia-sails-socket-client) - A simple, restful, message-based wrapper around sails.io client
 - [aurelia-switch](https://github.com/Itprosolutions/aurelia-switch) - An aurelia optimised switchButton
 - [aurelia-yt-player](https://github.com/genadis/aurelia-yt-player) - Aurelia plugin for Youtube player API
 - [**{{** add_your_repo **}}**](https://github.com/behzad888/awesome/edit/master/README.md)

#### Aurelia Custom Element
 - [vGrid](https://github.com/vegarringdal/vGrid) - Grid custom element for Aurelia
 - [aurelia-leaflet](https://github.com/benib/aurelia-leaflet) - A Leaflet CustomElement for Aurelia http://benib.github.io/aurelia-leaflet/

#### Aurelia Auth Samples
 - [sentry](https://github.com/Foursails/sentry) - An Aurelia template with a built in authentication shell
 - [aurelia-authentication-loopback-sample](https://github.com/doktordirk/aurelia-authentication-loopback-sample) - Aurelia client sample with aurelia-authentication and loopback server (ES6/TS+jspm, ES6+webpack)

#### Aurelia Libraries
 - [pollyfils](https://github.com/aurelia/polyfills) - The minimal set of polyfills needed to run Aurelia
 - [aurelia-sails-socket-client](https://github.com/Mordred/aurelia-sails-socket-client) - A simple, restful, message-based wrapper around sails.io client
 - [aurelia-bundler](https://github.com/aurelia/bundler) - A library for bundling JavaScript, HTML and CSS for use with SystemJS
 - [**{{** add_your_repo **}}**](https://github.com/behzad888/awesome/edit/master/README.md)

### TypeScript

> TypeScript lets you write JavaScript the way you really want to. TypeScript is a typed superset of JavaScript that compiles to plain JavaScript.

#### TypeScript General Resources
 - [TypeScript](http://www.typescriptlang.org/) Official Website for TypeScript
 - [REPL](http://www.typescriptlang.org/Playground) Official TypeScript REPL that runs entirely in your browser
 - [TypeScript Repository (GitHub)](https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript) Official GitHub Repo for TypeScript
 - [DefinitelyTyped Repository (GitHub)](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped) The repository for high quality TypeScript type definitions.

#### Typescript Seed Projects
 - [Aurelia Typescript](https://github.com/cmichaelgraham/aurelia-typescript) - A starter kit for working with the Aurelia TypeScript type definitions by @cmichaelgraham
 - [aurelia-axel](https://github.com/cmichaelgraham/aurelia-axel) - As a Visual Studio TypeScript and C# developer building web-based, spatial information systems targeting a variety of platforms that leverage ESRI and SQL Server, I want a starter kit so that I can rapidly build implementations
 - [aurelia-axel-northwind](https://github.com/cmichaelgraham/aurelia-axel-northwind) - As a user, I want a walk through of creating a web app from the `aurelia-axel` starter kit, based of a familiar database (Northwind)
 - [**{{** add_your_repo **}}**](https://github.com/behzad888/awesome/edit/master/README.md)

### ES5

> An ECMAScript language that includes structured, dynamic, functional, and prototype-based features.

##### ES5 General Resources
- [**{{** help_add_resources **}}**](https://github.com/behzad888/awesome/edit/master/README.md)

#### ES5 Seed Projects
- [ahmedshuhel/nav-app-es5](https://github.com/ahmedshuhel/nav-app-es5) Skeleton that sets up a standard aurelia navigation-style app just using ES5, Bower and RequireJS by @ahmedshuhel.

# Contributing Guideline
Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md). By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

-

Ensure your pull request adheres to the following guidelines:

- Search previous suggestions before making a new one, as yours may be a duplicate.
- If you just created something, wait at least a couple of weeks before submitting.
- You should of course have read or used the thing you're submitting.
- Make an individual pull request for each suggestion.
- Use the following format: `[name](link) - Description.`
- Keep descriptions short and simple, but descriptive.
- Start the description with a capital and end with a full stop/period.
- Check your spelling and grammar.
- Make sure your text editor is set to remove trailing whitespace.
- Link additions should be added to the bottom of the relevant section.
- New categories or improvements to the existing categorization are welcome.
- Pull requests should have a useful title and include a link to the package and why it should be included.

Thank you for your suggestions!

### Updating your PR

A lot of times, making a PR adhere to the standards above can be difficult. If the maintainers notice anything that we'd like changed, we'll ask you to edit your PR before we merge it. There's no need to open a new PR, just edit the existing one. If you're not sure how to do that, [here is a guide](https://github.com/RichardLitt/docs/blob/master/amending-a-commit-guide.md) on the different ways you can update your PR so that we can merge it.
